clarified DataStore selective sync reevaluation language (#5282)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/datastore/js/sync/50-selectiveSync.mdx

};
```

> Calls to `start`, `query`, `save`, `delete`, `observe`, and `observeQuery` will only start DataStore and reevaluate sync expressions if DataStore is not already started.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Calls to `start`, `query`, `save`, `delete`, `observe`, and `observeQuery` will only start DataStore and re-evaluate sync expressions if DataStore is not already started.
```

> It's important to remember that calls to `start`, `query`, `save`, `delete`, `observe`, and `observeQuery` will only start DataStore and reevaluate sync expressions if DataStore is not already started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Calls to `start`, `query`, `save`, `delete`, `observe`, and `observeQuery` will only start DataStore and reevaluate sync expressions if DataStore is not already started.
```

> In the example above, `changeSync()` invokes `DataStore.start()` after `DataStore.stop()` has completely finished. This causes sync expressions to be reevaluated. Subsequently, when the sync expression is reevaluated, the `rating` variable has been changed to `1`, so all Posts with `rating > 1` will get synced down.

Reviewer: Sam here

```suggestion
In the example above, `changeSync()` invokes `DataStore.start()` after `DataStore.stop()` has completely finished. This causes sync expressions to be re-evaluated. Subsequently, when the sync expression is re-evaluated, the `rating` variable has been changed to `1`, so all Posts with `rating > 1` will get synced down.
```
